# finalprojectrepo

This github repository contains everything someone would need to reproduce my final project and view my work. The code for the report document is the file FINALPROJECT.Rmd. The presentation is called Slides Presentation.Rmd. The code for my interactive Shiny app is in the file app.R and the link for the app is included in both my document FINALPROJECT and Slides Presentation. The biggest thing to be aware of to run my code properly on your computer is the working directories, particularly for the emoji analysis chunks because at specific points you need to access the ios_9_3_emoji_files file, which is a zip file inside my respository, and other times you do not. Once you download my repository you will need to set specific working directories that correspond to your computer but still seem to resemble the directories in my code on lines 147, 162, 217 in the FINALPROJECT code, but also in the Slides Presentation code in lines 131, 146, and 201. 
Just a warning, my documentation code for FINALPROJECT takes around 15-20 minutes to knit together because the searchTwitter function can take particularly long sometimes. I will include the pdf of the complete knit incase you do not wish to wait for it. For the presentation, it takes much shorter to knit but still several minutes because I included images of some of my visualizations in my documentation that take particularly long to run so you would not have to wait for them to run in the presentation as well as the document. But the code for all of the visuals in the presentation is included in my documentation and the visualizations are the same. I will also include a pdf knit of the Slides Presentation. (Just as a sidenote, the date at the top is in reference to the original due date 12/15). Please let me know if you have any questions.
I enjoyed creating this project and I hope you enjoy reading it!
